When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  I'd use a remote repository when I find it necessary to make a save point (checkpoint)
  of my progress.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

  There might be a reason to pull manually as opposed to Git automatically keeping the
  user up-to-date. Any pull request will be diagrammed in a logical fashion, so the
  workflow is neat and meaningful. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

  Fork  : Cloning another's repository on GitHub
  Clone : Cloning a repository (Either on github or elsewhere) to a local machine
  Branch: A commit whose parents are previous commits. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

  It's beneficial to have a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally
  because any new changes that happen remotely can be fetched at any time and will not
  affect the local changes. That is, nothing will be affected unless a fast-forward
  merge occurs (or some other type of merge).

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

  It would be quite difficult to collaborate without Github. I only say this because
  I've just learned how to use most of the tools Github has to offer. To get work do-
  ne, I'd probably have to email and call my partner back and forth, or I'd have to 
  meet with him/her in person to make collaboration smooth. This may be inconvenient
  since we may have our own plans.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

  I'd make changes in a separate branch in order to explore a new way of solving an
  issue or a problem in a project I'm working on. Since the new work would be in a
  separate branch, I'm confident that my work on the master branch will be unaffec-
  ted. If I'm working directly in master, I wouldn't have to worry so much about 
  possible merge conflicts and sorting out differences between various branches. 
  Working with the master makes my workflow linear and easy to follow. Each approach
  has its advantages and disadvantages, but the one I choose will be for a reason; 
  that is, I will work directly in the master branch for one reason or I will check-
  out a second/third/... branch(es) for another reason.
