How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Seeing only the lines of code that were changed really helped me find the
    exact part where a bug might have been introduced.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If I made changes to a file and I might want to revert back to a previous
    working version of the file, I can do so with ease. No more stressing about
    recreating a working file from a malfunctioning one.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: Choosing when to commit makes the version history of a file/directory
    	  more meaningful. 
    Cons: If a commit is not made at the right time, all changes might be lost,
    	  which makes Google docs a better tool.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
      
    Git allows saving multiple files in one commit becasue there's a good chance
    that multiple files are necessary to make a meaningful impact on the project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    
    git log allows the user to see the history of all the commits made on the
    repository. git diff is just like diff -u in unix/linux except it's color 
    coded. Red indicates a removal of a line(s) and green indicates an addition(s).
    

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

     Version control can help me return to a working copy of the game/project
     I was working on. That way, I don't have to worry about messing up.          

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I plan to use Git for big iOS and school computer science projects. The reason 
    is that I don't want to have to worry about making huge changes to my files. This 
    allows me to be more adventurous and less fearful of making changes that might 
    ruin all the progress I've made.

